README.md, before:


![Th Mycelium Network-small](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10350960/181074435-57ce4f13-35e9-4f34-bd56-ffe4b4a0bfc9.png)

# The Mycelium Network

A growing community of early-stage web developers and mentors who learn and share together.

We share a core belief in the opportunities the internet can offer to empower people and communities. When we combine the reach of the web with skills in engineering, design, and compassion for others, we can impact our own lives and those of others.

All you need to join is a curious nature and a passion for learning and sharing what you learn with others.

- [Join the community](https://discord.gg/6MrjtEmDgr)
- [Suppport us on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/the-mycelium-network)

> Please take note of the following when interacting as part of The Mycelium Network.

## Expected behaviours

- **Be Respectful**
  - Value each other’s ideas, styles and viewpoints. We may not always agree, but disagreement is no excuse for poor manners.
- **Be Direct but Professional**
  - We must be able to speak directly when we disagree and when we think we need to improve. We need to be honest and direct, as well as respectful.
- **Be Inclusive**
  - Seek diverse perspectives. Diversity of views and of people on teams powers innovation, even if it is not always comfortable. Encourage all voices.
- **Understand Different Perspectives**
  - Our goal should not be to “win” every disagreement or argument. A more productive goal is to be open to ideas that make our own ideas better.
- **Appreciate and Accommodate our Similarities and Differences**
  - Be respectful of people with different cultural practices, attitudes and beliefs. Work to eliminate your own biases, prejudices and discriminatory practices. Think of others’ needs from their point of view.
- **Lead by Example**
  - Design your community and your work for inclusion. Hold yourself and others accountable for inclusive behaviours. Make decisions based on the highest good.

## Unacceptable behaviours

- **Violence and Threats of Violence**
  - Violence and threats of violence are not acceptable - online or offline.
- **Personal Attacks**
  - Conflicts will inevitably arise, but frustration should never turn into a personal attack. It is not okay to insult, demean or belittle others.
- **Derogatory Language**
  - If you’re unsure if a word is derogatory, don’t use it. This also includes repeated subtle and/or indirect discrimination; when asked to stop, stop the behaviour in question.
- **Unwelcome Sexual Attention or Physical Contact**
  - This includes sexualised comments, jokes or imagery in interactions, communications or presentation materials, as well as inappropriate touching, groping, or sexual advances.
- **Disruptive Behaviour**
  - Sustained disruption of events, forums, or meetings, including talks and presentations, will not be tolerated.

Commit message:

chore: add community guideline docs
Adds community guidelines documentation and additional templates and information regarding licenses.

README.md, after:

# The Mycelium Network

![Th Mycelium Network-small](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10350960/181074435-57ce4f13-35e9-4f34-bd56-ffe4b4a0bfc9.png)

A growing community of early-stage web developers and mentors who learn and share together.

We share a core belief in the opportunities the internet can offer to empower people and communities. When we combine the reach of the web with skills in engineering, design, and compassion for others, we can impact our own lives and those of others.

All you need to join is a curious nature and a passion for learning and sharing what you learn with others.

- [Join the community](https://discord.gg/6MrjtEmDgr)
- [Suppport us on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/the-mycelium-network)

> Please take note of the following when interacting as part of The Mycelium Network.

## Expected behaviours

- **Be Respectful**
  - Value each other’s ideas, styles and viewpoints. We may not always agree, but disagreement is no excuse for poor manners.
- **Be Direct but Professional**
  - We must be able to speak directly when we disagree and when we think we need to improve. We need to be honest and direct, as well as respectful.
- **Be Inclusive**
  - Seek diverse perspectives. Diversity of views and of people on teams powers innovation, even if it is not always comfortable. Encourage all voices.
- **Understand Different Perspectives**
  - Our goal should not be to “win” every disagreement or argument. A more productive goal is to be open to ideas that make our own ideas better.
- **Appreciate and Accommodate our Similarities and Differences**
  - Be respectful of people with different cultural practices, attitudes and beliefs. Work to eliminate your own biases, prejudices and discriminatory practices. Think of others’ needs from their point of view.
- **Lead by Example**
  - Design your community and your work for inclusion. Hold yourself and others accountable for inclusive behaviours. Make decisions based on the highest good.

## Unacceptable behaviours

- **Violence and Threats of Violence**
  - Violence and threats of violence are not acceptable - online or offline.
- **Personal Attacks**
  - Conflicts will inevitably arise, but frustration should never turn into a personal attack. It is not okay to insult, demean or belittle others.
- **Derogatory Language**
  - If you’re unsure if a word is derogatory, don’t use it. This also includes repeated subtle and/or indirect discrimination; when asked to stop, stop the behaviour in question.
- **Unwelcome Sexual Attention or Physical Contact**
  - This includes sexualised comments, jokes or imagery in interactions, communications or presentation materials, as well as inappropriate touching, groping, or sexual advances.
- **Disruptive Behaviour**
  - Sustained disruption of events, forums, or meetings, including talks and presentations, will not be tolerated.

## License

This project is licensed under [multiple licenses](LICENSES.md).

## Conduct

We follow the Mycelium Network [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### Additonal information

- [Learn more about our contributor roles](docs/CONTRIBUTOR_ROLES.md)
- [Please take a moment to read our reviewers guide](docs/REVIEWING.md)
